>> Maximiliano Firtman: And the last
part that I have here that is actually
pretty straightforward and quickly
on this ES6 recap is default values.
It's actually pretty simple.
And probably, you thought that it was
part of JavaScript since the beginning,
but it wasn't.
Is that, for example, in this case, I
have this function that calculates a tax,
it receives a price and a tax, and
then it calculates price with the tax.
And what happens if I
don't define the tax?
As I mentioned before, arguments in
JavaScript are actually not mandatory.
I mean, some people don't know that when
you, I mean, I have this calculateTax
function, that do you know that I can
execute the function without any value?
That's not the syntax or runtime error.
So if I have a function declared with two
arguments, I can call that function with
no arguments, or with 1 argument,
with 2, or with 1,000 arguments.
It doesn't matter for JavaScript because
the arguments are actually
kind of syntax sugar.
It's always an array of
data that I receive.
So if you wanna reinforce that, that's
why a lot of developers like TypeScript,
because the TypeScript compiler will
actually give you an error, say, hey, hey,
no, no, no,
calculateTax needs two arguments, and
you didn't pass those arguments.
And of course, you can get some warning
from linters in JavaScript as well.
But it's perfectly fine from
a JavaScript engine point of view.
So what happens if I do have, for
example, in this second example,
second console.log,
I do have a price but not a tax?
Well, you check the undefined value for
those variables that you define and
you set the value, for example.
Well, now we can simplify this
just by setting a default value.
So then you don't need this,
and it's cleaner.
Okay, from ES6, we have default values.
But anyway, it's still the same.
If I don't pass the price, it works.
I mean, if I run this, it works.
I don't see any.
Of course,
what happens if I do console.log?
Well, it will do undefined plus
undefined multiplied by 0.2.
Because this one has a default value,
this one will become undefined.
If I set also default.
But you, well,
at least it's not undefined.
The answer will be zero, maybe.
But you don't need to define default
values for all the arguments.
Okay, make sense?
Cool, well, that's for
now, for the ES6 part.
We will see more on ES6 with collections,
with async operations, the part
that we haven't seen, but it's time to
start talking about what's after ES6.